---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: HFOSS - Quiz 1
author:
  display_name: liammiddlebrook
  login: liammiddlebrook
  email: liammiddlebrook@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: liammiddlebrook
author_email: liammiddlebrook@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 20
wordpress_url: http://gearchicken.com/TestWebsite/GearChicken/wordpress/?p=20
date: !binary |-
  MjAxNC0wMi0xMiAyMzowMzoyMCAtMDcwMA==
date_gmt: !binary |-
  MjAxNC0wMi0xMiAyMzowMzoyMCAtMDcwMA==
categories:
- HFOSS
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p>In Chapter 3 of Stephen Weber's <em>The Success of Open Source</em>, there was a listing of eight "General Principles" contained within the chapter. Last week, we discussed in class the five pillars of <a href="http://opensource.com/open-source-way" target="_blank">"The Open Source Way."</a></p>
<p><strong>1.  What are the titles of each Pillar?</strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Open Exchange</li>
<li>Participation</li>
<li>Rapid Prototyping</li>
<li>Meritocracy</li>
<li>Community</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>2.  What are the titles of each General Principle?</strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Make It Interesting and Make Sure It Happens</li>
<li>Scratch an Itch</li>
<li>Minimize How Many Times You Have to Reinvent The Wheel</li>
<li>Solve Problems Through parallel Work Processes Whenever Possible</li>
<li>Leverage The Law of Large Numbers</li>
<li>Document What You Do</li>
<li>Release Early And Release Often</li>
<li>Talk A Lot</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>3.  What are the similarities between Weber's eight principles, and the five pillars</strong>?</p>
<p>The five Pillars of Open Source and Weber's eight principles all cover how Open Source developers should execute their development process.  Without the five pillars Weber's eight principles have no standing.<br />
<strong>4.  What are the differences?</strong></p>
<p>The Pillars of Open Source are more general guidelines on how Open Source  The General Principles of Open Source give broad examples of how an Open Source developer should go about in their development process.  For example the Pillar of <strong>Rapid Prototyping</strong> is brought to example by the General Principle of <strong>Release Early And Release Often</strong>.<br />
<strong>5.  Bonus: Who's "keen analysis" did Weber "Draw Heavily" upon?"</strong></p>
<p>Eric S. Raymond<br />
<strong>6.  Double-Bonus: What was the title of this "keen analysis." (Hint: Weber hinted at the title when he was talking about Cathedrals earlier in the chapter.)</strong></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">The Cathedral and The Bazaar</span><br />
<strong>7.  Triple-Bonus: Where can this keen analysis be found? (Answer in URL form, i.e. http://placeofkeenanalysisis.com/analysis)</strong></p>
<p><a href="http://www.unterstein.net/su/docs/CathBaz.pdf">http://www.unterstein.net/su/docs/CathBaz.pdf</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
